In truth from the start,
I knew everything, and once all of it was over,
I finally understood
The key to unravel the mystery is even now in that hand.
About you, about me, those are about myself.
Your things, my things, those things are my own.
One more thing, yet another thing
So, make something one thing,
the thing that you can't give up on.
One more thing, yet another thing
Beyond so many 'what if's'
is a future that maybe might have existed
As I gather them up, I'll chase after you
Hey, about you, about me.
Those are about myself
Your things, my things, those things are my own
Unknown by everyone else,
known only by you.
Our story
about the you that you don't know.